you know the innovators are the people
who will be remembered imitators come
and go the more personal something is to
you the more universal it is so if you
can perv a love loss you know innocence
you know any of you know pain whatever
in your piece everyone has experienced
those things you know that's really what
art is what we're supposed to be doing
as artists is to inspire thought to
evoke emotion and then behold there's so
many different facets to being a
successful glassblower these days you
don't just become a great class artist
overnight the students aren't just
learning techniques they're learning
what Preston and I have learned from
having a glass career that we support
ourselves and do this class is going to
be really well geared toward people that
are still kind of entering into
sculpting they're coming to the class
they're open to learning a lot of the
more basic type techniques are basically
what glass boeing's about it there's
gonna be a lot of focus on that
techniques that are required to do
sculpture how to get the color onto the
glass attachments the carving text we're
also going to talk about shaping for the
different types of seals side seals that
if you see you have break stuff down and
put it back together how to use color in
a specific way there's gonna be a lot of
hands-on stuff in this class we use a
Bunsen burner heavily it's something
that I don't see a lot of other flame
workers doing is the Bunsen burner that
changed my game you know and Preston was
the first one that I really saw using it
and it allows you to keep your piece out
of the kiln for about half an hour
you know as long as you well to keep
your piece hot and in turn maintain a
high level of confidence as you're
working through your piece so it just
ends up in the kiln finished instead of
in pieces on your bench or on the floor
we help students you know realize that
your glass does crack and you're going
to have cracking issues but how do you
fix that how do you move beyond that and
not just collapse into oh it's ruined
it's it's done you really have to have a
plan a methodical plan you got to think
multiple moves ahead not just about the
hand skills combination of those
techniques and ways and I feel that
you'll be able to make anything you want
or what make your approach more infinite
you know when you're a kid you have that
sense of innocence and Wonder and the
world is a beautiful special magical
place and slowly along the way we lose
that you know we all put up an exterior
a mask or whatever but we're all pretty
gentle and fragile on the inside I feel
as long as I'm pulling from what I truly
am personally passionate about I'm being
true to myself and I'm being true to the
audience and the audience responds to
that I had a lot of people interested in
the class telling me I don't think I'm
good enough to take the class yet and I
just want to let them all know that
there isn't a person that isn't good
enough to take a class from Rob and I I
don't believe that that person exists
there is going to definitely be
something that you will take away from
it no matter what your skill level there
are things that rather than I do they're
very unique but I haven't seen any other
glass artists create something new
you know has a presence that has an
attitude that has like to